README.md, before:

# Week 08 Assignment

A blog with comments built using NextJS

# Requirements

This week I achieved all the requirements and some stretch goals

# Design

Wireframes and hifi designs in designs folder

# Reflection

I could not achieve all stretch goals as they seemed to be designed for a different type of blog. Most of them seemed to fit a blog where creating the posts themselves and editing them was the main goal, however in my case the goal was to be able to post comments and edit them. It seemed like inline editing in this case was more fitting and so I did not create a dynamic route to edit the comments.

NextJS was a bit hard to use at times and I feel like I may have made some mistakes when it comes to organizing the files. I found it hard to tell when it was a server or client action only and I think I did not do a good job in that regard.

# Resources

Links in the code

# Disclaimer

All rights to the photographies used belong to their respective owners. I do not claim ownership over any third-party content used.

Commit message:

feat: add other blogs component and reflection notes

README.md, after:

# Week 08 Assignment

A blog with comments built using NextJS

# Requirements

This week I achieved all the requirements and some stretch goals like:

- Editing of comments inline
- Creation of LastPost component to display on the blog page
- Creation of OtherBlogs component to help with navigation when on a post page as well as adding a 'back to blog' link
- Metadata

# Design

When designing this blog, my goal was to strike a balance between artistic expression and simplicity. I wanted the layout to feel visually engaging, while remaining easy to navigate and uncluttered. The use of clean typography, generous spacing, and bold imagery helps create an artsy feel without overwhelming the reader.

Wireframes and hifi designs in designs folder.

# Reflection

I could not achieve all stretch goals as they seemed to be designed for a different type of blog. Most of them seemed to fit a blog where creating the posts themselves and editing them was the main goal, however in my case the goal was to be able to post comments and edit them. It seemed like inline editing in this case was more fitting and so I did not create a dynamic route to edit the comments.

NextJS was a bit hard to use at times and I feel like I may have made some mistakes when it comes to organizing the files. I found it hard to tell when it was a server or client action only and I think I did not do a good job in that regard.

I also had some trouble with the font I chose appearing different when on the browser, I discussed this with Manny but I was unable to fix it, that's why some of the titles are images, though I know this is not good practice and might not be the best for SEO resons.

I would have liked to assign random avatars to comments but this was a last minute idea and my db table was not designed with this in mind so I left it for another time.

Overall, I learned a lot while working on this project, so I'm quite happy. This time, I chose to use Trello to help me stay organized, as I found that challenging in my previous project. Using Trello (see the Trello board in the designs folder) made the process much smoother and helped me stay on track.

# Resources

Links in the code itself

# Disclaimer

All rights to the photographies used belong to their respective owners. I do not claim ownership over any third-party content used.
